make master folder
npx create-react-app frontend
move .gitignore from front to root
change '/node_modules' to:
  node_modules
  node_modules/
  ^this will make it so all node_modules folders will be ignored, since it will be in root and in back
downloaded the 'Minty' theme from bootswatch
installed react-bootstrap to front dependencies 

create backend directory
npm init in the root folder, install express

server.js
node js uses common js require syntax eg (const express = require('express'))
module.exports = products;

the import syntax is ES modules (import react from 'react')
export is (export default imports)
add {"type": "module} in root package.json /// you must have .js

proxy makes it so a front end axios call will look at localhost 5000 instead of 3000
proxy gets added to front package, restart server

the -D installs as dev
npm i -D nodemon concurrently
after installing nodemon make the scripts
    "server": "nodemon backend/server",
    "client": "npm start --prefix frontend",
    "dev": "concurrently \"npm run server\" \"npm run client\""
you have to escape the quotes in dev

we use bcrypts, not bcrypt

instead of putting a try catch in every call to the database, we use middleware called express-async-handler

middleware is a wrapped that can have access to all of the request response info.
it is defined in app.use((req, res, next) => {
  middleware
  next()
})
you call next to go to the next middleware

creating a new state
1. create constants
2. create reducer
3. update store
4. create action creator
5. useDispatch
6. useSelector
7. finish logic

to get into from the body, add bodyParser // app.use(express.json()) at server.js

jsonwebtoken is what we use to generate the tokens

when you create a paypal account, put the client ID in the .env folder and make a special route right in server.js to access it
we also need to include a specific JSscript to get paypal to work - we will create it dynamically in our useEffect

TODO

Thanks for the great course, as usual :P

Some bugs I found...

1. You forgot to implement cart reset after order is submited, the cart stays with the items even if the order submited and payed,

2. The search box, when you press the "back" button, it goes back, but the search input stays with the search value.

3. The loaders.. when you used {successUpdate && ...} and {success && ...} sometimes you can see two loaders on one action (for example in the product managment page, try to delete a couple of products one after other).

4. product details page reset.. when you enter a couple of different products, you can see the previous product details for a second, untill it updates with the new product details.

5. Usualy only clients that bought some product should be able to rate it, not everybody.

6. When you delete user, you should delete his orders also... its not makes sense to leave it.. besides you cant enter/view any of the deleted user orders...

7. When you keep the product details in the order tabe (details like image), if the product get updated, its not appears in the orders.. you can still see the old product details.. I think it should be populated with the product table and get the updated details from that table.

8. Maybe you can add stripe in addition to paypal.

9. Save cart to DB so when you logout and local storage gets cleard, you still have it

10. Save address to profile, if you create an address

11. Add go back to shopping buttons

12. center some of the screens, login, shipping, payment, place order

13. add home screens

14. some additional components 
  seasonal selections, winter clearance, recomendations based on last selection (size, category)
  consignment features, complete wardrobe feature

15. consignment form that emails info to admins

16. old warning messages dont go Anyway

17. add state to address

18. search bar

19. finish footer

20. logo (bunny?)

21. redu bunny loaders

22. partners

23. reduce count in stock in DB when order goes through

24. add payment method to local storage so it remebers

25. change the product id back to _id to avoid confusion

26. seperate paypal / credit card or clarify the method can be both

27. figure out shipping, maybe each DB item has a weight and you can calculate shipping from that? or maybe just add it into the price and do free shipping

28. tax needs a system

29. email that goes out to admins when an order comes in

30. easy to change local storage item prices
  for(const item in order.orderItems) {
  const product = await Product.findById(item.product);
  item.price = product.price;

}

31. check to make sure the owner of the order is the person that is logged in and placed the order, cant just check on an order if you have the order number

32. google, apple, facebook log-in options

Use the JavaScript Internationalization API.

const formatter = new Intl.NumberFormat('en-US', {
  style: 'currency',
  currency: 'USD',
  minimumFractionDigits: 2
})
 
formatter.format(1000) // $1,000.00

